Update OpsGenie to include who is on call (#280)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/build-your-software-catalog/sync-data-to-catalog/webhook/examples/opsgenie.md

7. Click **Save integration**

Done! any change that happens to an OpsGenie alert (created, acknowledged, etc.) will trigger a webhook event that OpsGenie will send to the webhook URL provided by Port. Port will parse the events according to the mapping and update the catalog entities accordingly.

## Ingest who is on-call
In this example you will create a blueprint for `service` entity that ingests who is on call data from OpsGenie using REST API. Then you will add some Python code to create new entities in Port every time a Github Action or GitLab Pipeline is triggered by a schedule. The links below guide you on how to accomplish this task on your preferred environment.

> [Github Action](https://github.com/PeyGis/OpsGenie)

Reviewer: Please change it to GitHub Workflow

> [Github Action](https://github.com/PeyGis/OpsGenie)

Reviewer: Please move those repos to port-labs both in github and gitlab

Reviewer: Ill send you invites right away

7. Click **Save integration**

Done! any change that happens to an OpsGenie alert (created, acknowledged, etc.) will trigger a webhook event that OpsGenie will send to the webhook URL provided by Port. Port will parse the events according to the mapping and update the catalog entities accordingly.

## Ingest who is on-call

> In this example we will create a blueprint for `service` entities with a `on-call` property that will be ingested directly from OpsGenie. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this example we will create a blueprint for `service` entities with an `on-call` property that will be ingested directly from OpsGenie. 
```

> The exmaples below are pulling data from the OpsGenie REST Api, in a defined scheduled period using GitLab Pipelines or GitHub Workflows, and reports the data to Port as a property to the `service` blueprint.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The examples below pull data from the OpsGenie REST Api, in a defined scheduled period using GitLab Pipelines or GitHub Workflows, and report the data to Port as a property to the `service` blueprint.
```
